Update 01_user_access.mdx (#1677)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/edbcloud/beta/administering_cluster/01_user_access.mdx

4. Select or deselect roles for the user.
5. Select **Submit**.

!!! Note

>     For a user's role assignment to take effect, the user should sign out from EDB Cloud and sign in again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a user's role assignment to take effect, the user needs to log out from EDB Cloud and log in again.
```
